The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Nelson Mandela
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. - Albert Einstein
The best way to predict your future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. - Michael Jordan
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. - Booker T. Washington
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. - Zig Ziglar
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. - Nikos Kazantzakis
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Ziglar
A goal without a plan is just a wish. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission. - Unknown
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. - Christian D. Larson
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today. - Will Rogers
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. - Roy T. Bennett
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything. - Malcolm X
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful. - Eric Thomas
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C.S. Lewis
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up. - Nelson Mandela
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. - Albert Einstein
The best revenge is massive success. - Frank Sinatra
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. - William Shakespeare
The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams. - Oprah Winfrey
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Edison
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true. - Unknown
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. - Charles Darwin
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. - Stephen Covey
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. - Joshua J. Marine
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - J.K. Rowling
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. - John Wooden
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman
The only way to have a good day is to start it with a positive attitude. - Unknown
You are the only one who can limit your greatness. - Unknown
Believe you deserve it and the universe will serve it. - Unknown
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
You are never too small to make a difference. - Greta Thunberg
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
You become what you believe. - Oprah Winfrey
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want to be happy, be. - Leo Tolstoy
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. - Oprah Winfrey
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. - Maya Angelou
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, and with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. - Woodrow Wilson
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. - Roy T. Bennett
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
The greatest wealth is to live content with little. - Plato
Strive for progress, not perfection. - Unknown
The only way to have a good day is to start it with a positive attitude. - Unknown
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, "I will try again tomorrow." - Mary Anne Radmacher
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Abraham Lincoln
The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience. - Eleanor Roosevelt
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. - Robin Williams
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. - Christian D. Larson
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates
When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us. - Helen Keller
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. - Albert Einstein
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. - Florence Nightingale
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mahatma Gandhi
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. - Joseph Campbell
Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman
Be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. - William Shakespeare
You are the only one who can limit your greatness. - Unknown
Believe you deserve it and the universe will serve it. - Unknown
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
You are never too small to make a difference. - Greta Thunberg
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
You become what you believe. - Oprah Winfrey
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you want to be happy, be. - Leo Tolstoy
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. - Oprah Winfrey
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem. - Henry Kissinger
A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure. - Henry Kissinger
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been. - Henry Kissinger
The longer I'm in office, the more I'm convinced that I'm doing God's work. - Henry Kissinger
Power is not the ultimate aphrodisiac. - Henry Kissinger
The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously. - Henry Kissinger
The statesman's duty is to bridge the gap between his nation's experience and his vision. - Henry Kissinger
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try. - John F. Kennedy
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama.